Project 2 Blog Post
================
Kristina Golden
2023-07-10

# Project 2 Blog Post

## Required Links

We are still trying to get github pages to work, so in the meantime, I
have uploaded the html documents to our rendered code.

[Project Repo](https://github.com/kgolden4514/ST_558_Project_2)

[World Page](https://kgolden4514.github.io/World.html)

[Tech Page](https://kgolden4514.github.io/Tech.html)

[Social Media Page](https://kgolden4514.github.io/Social.Media.html)

[Lifestyle page](https://kgolden4514.github.io/Lifestyle.html)

[Entertainment page](https://kgolden4514.github.io/Entertainment.html)

[Business Page](https://kgolden4514.github.io/Business.html)

## Project 2 Blog Post

Once you’ve completed the project each of you should write a brief blog
post outlining your project and two links to the
username.github.io/repo-name site and the repo itself (the username may
correspond to your partner). You should then also reflect on the process
you went through. Discuss the following:

## What would you do differently?

I tend to have major confusion with github. I can never get my .md files
to include graphs. I have trouble getting the github pages to deploy. I
do the coding for every homework/project without major issue, and then I
spend hours trying to get it to show up on github. I feel like it
shouldn’t be that difficult, and that I am doing something majorly
wrong. I have tried looking up my issues online, and I have not found
very convincing answers as of now. So what would I do differently? Try
to get my github pages to work much, much earlier.

## What was the most difficult part for you?

The most difficult part for me was honestly github pages. I did not have
problem with collaboration through github, I only have a problem with
github pages. I also thought the amount of time the random forest takes
to run makes things difficult. It makes troubleshooting any problems
difficult. I did not have any major issues with the rest of the project.

## What are your big take-aways from this project?

I have definitely gotten better at using R. Doing things like selecting
certain columns in a dataframe and troubleshooting warning/error
messages used to be really difficult for me. Now I can do it without
major issue. Not to be redundant, but another major takeaway is the need
to understand how to make github pages. I am simply not able to do that.
