## First Blog Post Data Science

What do you think being a data scientist is about?  What do you see as the major duties and/or knowledge areas?  What differences/similarities do you see between data scientists and statisticians?  How do you view yourself in relation to these two areas?

To me data science is the marriage of the fields of computer science and statistics, and it is often being able to do this in a business setting. It is being able to assemble the data needed to answer a clients question or help them solve a problem. It is knowing which statistical analyses will help answer the question or address the problem. It is also being able to write a program, or to assist a programmer in writing a program that addresses the problem or the question the client had. It is being able to take statistical jargon and processes and being able to explain and display them in a way the client understands. A statistician is often working in a clinical, scientific, research, or academic setting. The statistician is very knowledge about the mathematical theories behind the processes. It is also using a lot of parametric modeling and making the data fit the parametric model. Data scientists are adept at combining large data sets, and allowing the data sets to determine the path foward. I do think both professionals are fascinated with numbers and how numbers can tell a story. Considering I teach AP statistics, I currently see myself as more of a statistiian. I would like to become more verstaile where I could wear both titles proudly.
