Programming Background
================
Kristina Golden
2023-06-07

## Kristina Golden’s Programming Background

The only experience I have in coding has been through the classes I have
taken at NCSU, namely ST 555, ST 501, and ST 502. I have programmed in R
and SAS. I prefer SAS’ user interface over R. I believe the user
interface for SAS is a little bit more user friendly. I feel there
wasn’t as large of a learning curve to use SAS. I appreciate that R is
free. As a learner, it is nice to have so many resources available that
are free to use. Through the free R packages, R can be more personalized
to the individual programmer. R has more options for data visualization.
For example, a plot can be made through ggplot or base R. SAS does not
have the freedom for customization. The options for data visualization
that come with SAS are the only options. The R also allows for easier
collaboration. I am an AP Stats teacher, and I have used R in my
classroom as a teaching tool. I do miss the clear-cut way of coding in
SAS. The procedures were easier to use/access. I do consider R a
difficult language to learn. I did have some experience with R before
taking this course. I used R a little bit in ST 501, but I used it much
more often in ST 502. I definitaly had made progress, but I do not find
it easy. I have an internship this summer that will require R
programming. I know this class will help me be more successful in my
internship.

## R Markdown Output

``` r
#Plot of the annual flow of the Nile rive near Aswan 1871-1970

plot(Nile)
```
<img width="455" alt="image" src="https://github.com/kgolden4514/kgolden4514.github.io/assets/134096245/28635149-5958-4f9e-9722-8c3fe7b6e3b0">

![](C:/R/Repos/kgolden4514.github.io/imagesunnamed-chunk-3-1.png)<!-- -->
